I've obtained one disc.
I have it.
He'll come back to life.
I'm certain that my father
will definitely regenerate.
[man] How about
we call this
"Operation Savage Guardian"?
You ought to let him
tag along.
He'll be a great help.
I forgot to mention,
his name is Weather Forecast.
[grunts] Jumpin' Jack Spark!
No! Weather Forecast!
[gasps]
Still, though, where is that
anti-gravity wielding thief?
I need to get the disc back!
[opening theme song playing]
[alarm blaring]
[female voice]
The abnormality alarm
has been activated
in hallway 7B.
[guard 1] Yes, that's right.
It's passage 7B.
We're currently confirming
the situation.
[Pucchi] Did something
unusual happen?
[guard 2]
We're not certain yet.
However, passage 7B
is only meant
for going to and
from the factory.
There's no possibility that
it's a fire or a prisoner riot.
There's no need to worry.
[Pucchi] No, I'm not worried.
I maintain the utmost trust
in the Green Dolphin
Street prison
and its prisoners.
It was really
just quite noisy,
so I got unnecessarily curious
and inquired.
You do know
that there hasn't been
even one successful escapee
from the Aquarium
in the past 20 years, correct?
Plus, outside the passageway
is the courtyard.
There won't be anyone trying
to escape from this location.
[reassured exhale]
You're certainly right
about that.
We'll handle it.
Thanks, Father.
Right, very well, then...
[ominous music playing]
Another quick,
unnecessary question?
Is that clock hanging up
in the corner accurate?
Hm? Yeah, of course, it is.
ROARING
[Pucchi] At 11:51,
there was an outgoing call
to the Speedwagon Foundation.
I've got my usual ask.
I want to listen
to this recording.
Play the audio
of this one outgoing call.
From the women's prison
phone stand, number 16.
The call from
about seven minutes ago.
Hey, Weather Forecast.
Since you made contact with me,
you're now also controlled
by zero-gravity.
That weird guy
isn't anywhere to be seen.
We need to get
that disc back quickly!
Don't panic.
The thief has to be somewhere
inside this washhouse.
He must be hiding.
[exhales]
[Weather Forecast]
Courtyard's on the other side
of that door.
Your objective lies
just beyond that doorway.
However, the door appears
to be locked.
You might need
to blast it away,
or force it open somehow.
[exhales]
There's...
a little bit of a problem.
It's sort of hard
to say it out loud.
The thing is,
it's a personal matter.
Although,
I am at a physical limit,
so I'm troubled.
Um... and...
I don't know why it
became a problem so suddenly.
Uh... well... but, um...
I do think it happens
to everyone sometimes.
Hm.
What are you talking about?
It's like I was saying!
It's related to
your lower half!
Begins with "u"!
It's the biological urge
you have
when you're thinking
to yourself,
"Thank god
it isn't number two!"
Oh, do you need to take
a piss?
Don't lean in close
to say that.
It's... it's getting
really bad.
You would have to do it
somewhere over there.
Oh, geez,
I never should've asked,
you know, a man, of course.
Already did it myself.
There, just now,
while floating.
[gasps]
[Weather Forecast] When you
find yourself in zero-gravity,
the blood in your body will
suddenly collect at your head.
That blood is usually down
in the lower parts of the body
because of gravity.
Between your skin and bones
is flesh that's squishy
and swollen with blood.
-It's called "moon face."
-[gasps]
However, it can be dangerous
when too much blood
goes into your head,
and thus your kidneys
automatically begin working
to lessen the amount
of blood in you.
That's why there's
a severe diuretic effect.
it removes sodium content
through piss,
and thins out the blood.
-Wait, hang on a second!
-Hey, don't worry.
My clouds will absorb it.
[gasps, strains]
[groans] Hey... hey,
this...this is floating!
What the heck is this?
Why is it spilling out
from the clouds?
[gasps]
[frightened gasp]
Hey! Look here,
Weather Forecast!
My... my blood.
It's being sucked
into the wall's seam!
-Shit!
-Mine too.
It's coming out of my wound
from earlier.
My nose won't stop
bleeding either!
It's gushing!
It's so... so painful.
Slowly. Could this be...
how I die?
[grunts] Jolyne!
Ora!
[grunts in pain]
Everything that I make contact
with enters zero-gravity.
I touched the door,
I touched the floor,
and I touched the wall.
That means, this room itself
has become zero-gravity!
Air!
Air doesn't stay put
within a zero-gravity zone!
It'll get pulled by surrounding
gravity and then escape!
[panting]
We need to fill these gaps
in the wall!
Or at this rate,
we'll suffocate if
we don't seal them quickly!
No, Jolyne.
What we actually really need
to worry about
is not suffocation,
but the fact that
our blood will boil,
and we'll die from that
before we run out of air.
[gasps]
While within a vacuum,
a person's blood
will boil right up like water.
A vacuum with zero-gravity
makes one's blood dry up
in 20 seconds.
It's quite a long time
before the individual
would ever suffocate.
[gasps]
[roaring]
[Jolyne screams]
Reloading... bullets.
-[grunts]
-We're gonna get shot.
So come on, Jolyne.
Let's hide somewhere.
What're you talking about?
My nose is still bleeding
way too much!
We gotta stop the air flow!
Weather Forecast!
[wind blowing]
[groans]
[tense music playing]
[Jolyne breathing heavily]
[Weather Forecast]
Take good care
not to breathe too heavily.
I collected what
little remaining air
was left within this room
and covered our bodies with
clouds in order to trap it.
So this... is a cloud suit?
This room
is basically a vacuum now.
These clouds
hold all the oxygen left.
Your nose...
It's stopped bleeding.
So how long
can we keep on breathing?
I don't want to answer
that question,
but probably like two minutes.
It's a cloud suit
on the verge of death.
We need to find and defeat
that man during this time.
Otherwise, we'd be thrown into
the vacuum for sure afterwards.
Yes, that's correct.
Now, where is he...?
We need to find him,
because even if
we don't do anything,
he'll still attack us.
Oh, hey,
now that I'm not bleeding,
something's been bothering me.
Wait, Jolyne.
I said two minutes,
but it could be only one!
We need to hurry
and focus on finding him.
The carbon dioxide
is increasing.
But the laundry hamper...
Why isn't that floating
as well?
You see that hamper
over there?
I've touched the floor,
walls, doors,
and even shutters
of this room.
That's why the whole chamber
entered into zero-gravity,
and now,
everything is floating.
But then why are the hamper
and those metal barrels
not floating too?
They're attached
to the floor instead.
Also, our strange foe.
How is the enemy
possibly breathing
inside of this vacuum?
Given the circumstances,
shouldn't the blood of
that freak
be boiling up?
Hm?
I see!
That's his attack range
distance!
His zero-gravity's
got a distance range,
and it doesn't extend
through the whole room!
An attack distance.
The laundry hamper
has gotta be
within 20 meters
from where we're floating.
Zero-gravity ends there!
If we go that way,
there will surely be
normal air to breathe.
You gotta go first,
Weather Forecast!
He's outside the vacuum.
If you don't get a supply
of oxygen before I do,
there's no way either one
of us can approach him!
I'm inclined to agree.
Outside the hamper.
[rips]
Go now, Weather Forecast.
The pressure within
the cloud suit
is becoming strange.
You've got to go right now!
Quick, before the cloud suit
flies away.
[gasps]
[intense music playing]
[roars]
No way in hell you can get out
of my attack range, you fools!
He'll try to shoot him down.
But I won't let him!
I'll do all I can
to guard Weather Forecast!
That guy's coming around us!
I'm gonna charge!
-[squelches]
-[grunts]
Ora, ora, ora!
[yells]
[growls]
[roars]
[grunts]
Weather Forecast is going
to reach the oxygen
in a few feet.
As soon as my ally gets
to that supply of fresh air,
he's going to corner you!
If you want it that badly,
then have some air.
You don't even have
to go to the laundry hamper.
Just a moment ago
I finished my attack
and hit my true target.
I was not attempting
to direct the bullets
to hit the man
you call Weather Forecast.
I meant to hit that
metal barrel to damage it!
There's a little bit of air
in the metal barrel, correct?
If I'm right, the air inside
of that can is on
the brink of bursting from
being pressurized in a vacuum.
-Weather Forecast!
-[gasps]
He's been pushed back
into the zero-gravity.
He's finished now! Done for!
Your pathetic friend probably
can't obtain enough air power
to stop
that momentum anymore.
Oh no, Weather Forecast!
It's simply no use.
The cloud suit itself is
nearly about to break!
[grunts]
[rocking music playing]
Jo--Jolyne!
The heck are you doing?
Go... go back!
He's going to shoot you!
On top of that,
you'll lose oxygen,
just from the moving force!
She makes decisions
so quickly.
You're trying to stop
the cloud guy's movement
with your body,
and thus push him out
away from
the zero-gravity zone again.
And yet...
You won't be able to
get away from me like that!
Ora, ora, ora!
I'm already well aware.
Your Stand's extremely
powerful.
The high speed of
my rotation bullets
would easily be flicked away
as you defended yourself.
I prepared this for
that reason.
I looked all over
for them everywhere!
I captured them and
hid them away.
There's a lot of them.
Rodents! And they're alive!
Could it possibly be?
This is...
Stone Ocean!
Flick those dirty rodents
away from us!
I... I can't see!
There we go.
I didn't think you would
be able to push
through my zero-gravity power
this much.
But you're defenseless now!
It's over!
Final blow, Jolyne Cujoh!
With this, my mission is
officially complete my mission!
[gasps]
Jumpin' Jack Spark is
the best Stand in the world.
I don't think I could ever
lose to anybody.
I'm glad to have gotten
into this prison.
I've obtained
enormous power here.
There may be nothing
I can't do in this world.
My future's the color
of an invincible rose!
I'm gonna hand over
the disc to Pale Snake,
and then defeat him too
if I deem it necessary.
I'll do it with my own hands!
[grunts] Huh?
[upbeat music playing]
[gasps]
What?
Oh, I knew it.
I was so certain
you would do it.
How predictable.
I was just waiting
for you to reload.
While you were reloading
your screw bullets,
I was biding my time
with my threads flying.
And then you
foolishly shot those at me.
This thread!
When in the hell did you...?
Stone Ocean!
[grunts in pain]
[yelling]
Hey! [strains]
[screaming in pain]
Looks like you were the one
who got completely affected
by the vacuum.
Also, since you don't have
a cloud suit of your own,
your blood will boil up
and explode faster
than ours will.
[screaming]
We've beaten you!
If ya don't wanna die,
then you've got to dismiss
this zero-gravity immediately!
[pained screaming]
That crime I committed,
which got me into this prison
in the first place.
How many times
did I stab that woman?
When I killed
my college professor,
the prosecutor said I stabbed
that lady precisely 69 times.
This is the same feeling
as then.
I feel it again,
after so long!
[growls] I won't forgive her
for looking down on me!
Bitch! [grunts]
Add peroxide
to manganese dioxide,
and a chemical reaction occurs,
and oxygen is produced.
Exactly like the oxygen
in this bottle,
it keeps on spewing outwards!
After such a long time,
that feeling
of wanting to murder somebody
has come back!
-You're dead!
-[gasps]
I'll carve an epitaph
into the flesh
of your corpse with
shards of glass
and make it reek of piss!
With those fresh cuts
on your body,
your blood will explode
before mine does!
This is how your life ends,
Jolyne Cujoh!
I got sent to this prison
for stabbing someone,
and I'll kill you
by carving you up
so you burst,
then leave this prison
having become invincible!
[gasps, exhales]
[gasps]
I'll give mine to you.
It should be enough
to get the disc back from him.
Jolyne, it's enough, right?
[grunts]
Weather Forecast!
What in the hell?
This... this is bad.
My body is also at its limit.
If I release the zero-gravity,
air will flow in.
I might get away
if I use that air flow!
Releasing zero-gravity!
Jumpin' Jack Flash Spark!
[gasps]
You should've just released
zero-gravity from the start.
You could've escaped from
my wrath
using the wind pressure.
If you'd released it
while you still had distance
between yourself
and Stone Ocean.
Instead, because of
your arrogance, you waited.
Now, the air is blowing you
back toward me!
Ora, ora, ora!
Ora!
[exhales]
How long until Speedwagon
gets here? What's left?
Minutes? Seconds?
[Weather Forecast]
On the other side of the door,
there's a passageway.
Alongside the right wall,
there are windows that
look out to the courtyard.
There, you'll be able to see
a revolving door's gate.
That's the gate
to the courtyard.
During daytime hours,
the gate is unlocked,
and it's free access.
But, the problem is...
how are we going to open
this double door?
-I'll have a guard open it up.
-Huh?
We have this guy's
work permit card.
I'll trick them into
opening it.
I see.
Once they open
this double door,
you're going to beat up any
and all guards in your path
and force your way
out there, right?
Good plan.
Not only will you have
the crime of attempting escape,
but you'll also be put
in isolation for half a year.
You'll be left in a small cell
where you can't even exercise.
Doesn't matter.
I'm going to the courtyard
and handing this disc
over to
the Speedwagon Foundation.
Right now...
it's my life's goal
and only objective.
Sh!
A guard is coming.
Listen, go hide somewhere
over there.
I'll go on by myself
from here.
Your wound is horrible.
Also, they could lock
the gate right away
if they see your blood.
I get it. You're right.
[guard] Something wrong?
Why are you hitting the door?
[beeps]
-Oh, it's you.
-[gasps]
He said, "It's you."
Rangler, what's wrong?
Why are you making noise?
Hold on.
I'll open the door now.
[buzzing]
[Pucchi] Well,
if you're heading back
to the men's prison,
Lang Rangler...
Let's both visit
the place of worship.
I'd like to speak with you.
Huh? It's not a guard?
Hm?
[Jolyne] Who is this guy?
This man isn't a guard
or a prisoner.
This person's attire.
It's like he's a...
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]